Many people will be lured into this space through cliches like "blockchain not
Bitcoin." Others will be drawn by the price. But this radical experiment will
be sustained by those who stayed for the principles.![](https://pbs.twimg.com/card_img/1763081409244053504/q4LU1B5A?format=jpg&name=240x240)

Governments and corporations have fostered a fourth function of money that has
subordinated all other functions: system-of-control. It ensures that political
dissent can be effectively snuffed at the bank, without appeal or recourse. We
exit.
[#Bitcoin![](https://abs.twimg.com/hashflags/Bitcoin_evergreen/Bitcoin_evergreen.png)](/hashtag/Bitcoin?src=hashtag_click)![](https://pbs.twimg.com/card_img/1763250214734106624/yCXB8-fW?format=jpg&name=240x240)

Happy New Year everyone! Thank you for all your support in 2018 and for
sharing my work. I'm excited to start the new year - together we will achieve
even more in 2019. May you and your loved ones enjoy health and happiness
Apparently, a German person called "Jorg Molt" has been showing a selfie taken
with me and telling people that we are friends This is a LIE. I don't know him
at all. I have heard from others that he claims to be the founder of Bitcoin
and has thousands of BTC. A LIE.
In 2012, I paid 5 BTC for 1lbs of coffee beans. The coffee wasn't good.
Everyone in bitcoin has had a "pizza day" spending moment. Some of you just
haven't realized it yet.
This whole "what is ETH supply" thing is a silly gotcha that doesn't make much
sense if you understand how Ethereum works. It's no better than the silly
gotchas Schiff and Roubini level at bitcoin. We can do better. Let's look at
the details... 1/
How do you get and use
[#bitcoin![](https://abs.twimg.com/hashflags/Bitcoin_evergreen/Bitcoin_evergreen.png)](/hashtag/bitcoin?src=hashtag_click)?
Find out in my free Introduction to
[#Bitcoin![](https://abs.twimg.com/hashflags/Bitcoin_evergreen/Bitcoin_evergreen.png)](/hashtag/Bitcoin?src=hashtag_click)
and Open Blockchains Workshop! Start earning & using
[#crypto](/hashtag/crypto?src=hashtag_click) today:
[https://aantonop.io/workshops](https://t.co/MvnYYGa2ri)
Headline: FinCEN reveals devastating new cryptocurrency controls
I hope more people doing honest work in Bitcoin and other blockchains boycott

[@Cointelegraph](/Cointelegraph)

This is not the first time they have published irresponsible clickbait that is
poorly sourced and contains misinformation. They do a disservice to the entire
industry.
DeFi > BoomerFi
The Taproot upgrade is likely to lock-in on the Bitcoin mainnet during the
current two-week difficulty era, making the "Speedy Trial" activation method
an overwhelming success. The Taproot feature goes live in November, if all
goes well.
Taproot will be locked-in for a November activation in the next 36 hours. A
big success for
[#Bitcoin![](https://abs.twimg.com/hashflags/Bitcoin_evergreen/Bitcoin_evergreen.png)](/hashtag/Bitcoin?src=hashtag_click),
Taproot introduces a second signature algo (Schnorr) and significant privacy
features. Also a big success for the "Speedy Trial" activation method with < 8
weeks to lock-in.
Look beyond the price. Look beyond the volatility. Look beyond the fad.
Bitcoin is a revolutionary technology that will change the world forever.
Breaking news: Bitcoin bans China
[#Bitcoin![](https://abs.twimg.com/hashflags/Bitcoin_evergreen/Bitcoin_evergreen.png)](/hashtag/Bitcoin?src=hashtag_click)
is a technology. Bitcoin is a currency. Bitcoin is an international network of
payments and exchange that is completely
[#decentralized](/hashtag/decentralized?src=hashtag_click).
[#Bitcoin![](https://abs.twimg.com/hashflags/Bitcoin_evergreen/Bitcoin_evergreen.png)](/hashtag/Bitcoin?src=hashtag_click)
is fundamentally different. In Bitcoin, you dont owe anyone anything and no
one owes you anything. Its not a system based on debt.
[#Bitcoin![](https://abs.twimg.com/hashflags/Bitcoin_evergreen/Bitcoin_evergreen.png)](/hashtag/Bitcoin?src=hashtag_click)
isn't just money. The [#blockchain](/hashtag/blockchain?src=hashtag_click)
isn't a system of currency. It is a platform of trust. It is the concept of
decentralization applied to the human communication of value.
6.5 billion people have little access to international resources. They dont
need banks. 2 billion of these people are already on the internet. With a
simple app, they can immediately partake in a global economy, using currency
with no government controls.
[#Bitcoin![](https://abs.twimg.com/hashflags/Bitcoin_evergreen/Bitcoin_evergreen.png)](/hashtag/Bitcoin?src=hashtag_click)
Many years ago I "coined" the phrase
[#NotYourKeysNotYourCoins](/hashtag/NotYourKeysNotYourCoins?src=hashtag_click)
to teach people the concept of self-custody for
[#bitcoin![](https://abs.twimg.com/hashflags/Bitcoin_evergreen/Bitcoin_evergreen.png)](/hashtag/bitcoin?src=hashtag_click)&
other [#cryptoassets](/hashtag/cryptoassets?src=hashtag_click). My workshop
"Path to Self-Custody" teaches you how to put it in practice, step by step.
Knowledge is power: [http://aantonop.io/workshops](https://t.co/xseygIq4Yi)
All-time-highs attract new people who buy and then get spooked by price dips.
Help them to first invest in education about the technology, instead of
speculation.
[#Bitcoin![](https://abs.twimg.com/hashflags/Bitcoin_evergreen/Bitcoin_evergreen.png)](/hashtag/Bitcoin?src=hashtag_click)![](https://pbs.twimg.com/card_img/1763814284461850624/ypkD-
JVp?format=jpg&name=240x240)

Bitcoin energy consumption articles: "Madam, I'm concerned about the progress
of your pregnancy. At current rate of growth, your belly will be the size of
this building in just 5 years"
12 people trolled or posted snarky comments about my charitable donation to

[@LambdaLegal](/LambdaLegal)

. I blocked them and now will donate $100 on behalf of each: $1200 total MORE
to Lambda Legal. Keep it up...
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays everyone! Wherever you are, whatever you
are celebrating, enjoy this time with friends and family. Recharge for the new
year!
When people criticise Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, they say it will
"enable the dark net." But governments don't really fear the dark net -- they
just don't want us to have one too.![](https://pbs.twimg.com/card_img/1762549859859472384/l8-LEhoT?format=jpg&name=240x240)

Some "experts" with fancy titles told us that the internet would be
irrelevant, could never work. Now they are saying the same thing about
[#Bitcoin![](https://abs.twimg.com/hashflags/Bitcoin_evergreen/Bitcoin_evergreen.png)](/hashtag/Bitcoin?src=hashtag_click)
\-- forgetting that had they been right the first time, we wouldn't even be
having this conversation.![](https://pbs.twimg.com/card_img/1760899307946061824/jfEH34Jx?format=jpg&name=240x240)

So while the banking regulators in India were bashing bitcoin for being
"unregulated", a $2 bn fraud ring was growing under their noses. One of their
biggest banks (regulated) was doing all the money laundering. Honestly, it's
almost as if money laundering is the job of banks
