The stats dont lie. Transaction throughput, unique address growth, scaling
solutions, node count, community involvement, government adoption, dApp
development. Web 3.0 and [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) are
on the rise. [https://media.consensys.net/the-state-of-the-ethereum-
network-949332cb6895](https://t.co/BaZqShlyru)
Location:Brooklyn, NY(https://twitter.com/places/011add077f4d2da3)

Check out this ridiculously comprehensive
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) developer resource list
aggregated by

[@ConsenSys](/Consensys)

labs. [#BUIDL](/hashtag/BUIDL?src=hashtag_click)
[https://media.consensys.net/everything-you-possibly-need-to-develop-on-
ethereum-1bef0c23c7c6](https://t.co/ee6l0C8932)
Location:Brooklyn, NY(https://twitter.com/places/011add077f4d2da3)

The

[@brave](/brave)

browser and

[@metamask_io](/metamask_io)

extension have teamed up to bring Web3 to the fingertips of mainstream users.
It's getting easier by the day to use
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) dApps like

[@GetGitcoin](/GetGitcoin)

,

[@airswap](/airswap)

, or

[@CryptoKitties](/CryptoKitties)

.
Location:Brooklyn, NY(https://twitter.com/places/011add077f4d2da3)

A big thanks to

[@crypto](/crypto)

and

[@ErikSchatzker](/ErikSchatzker)

for having me on

[@BloombergTV](/BloombergTV)

this afternoon. Prices may go down, but the amount of excited
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) developers building
incredible decentralized applications is only increasing by the day.
Location:Manhattan, NY(https://twitter.com/places/01a9a39529b27f36)

Want to begin exploring Web3? Here's a list of 40
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) apps you can use right now.
Post a bounty on

[@GetGitcoin](/GetGitcoin)

, download music from

[@UjoMusic](/UjoMusic)

, trade tokens on the

[@airswap](/airswap)

decentralized marketplace, or make predictions on

[@gnosisPM](/gnosisPM)

. [https://media.consensys.net/40-ethereum-apps-you-can-use-right-
now-d643333769f7](https://t.co/Bpo54Tbd3W)
Location:Manhattan, NY(https://twitter.com/places/01a9a39529b27f36)

The

[@metamask_io](/metamask_io)

mobile app was just announced at
[#Devcon4](/hashtag/Devcon4?src=hashtag_click)! Everyone's favorite
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) browser extension is coming
to your phone. The team is focusing on not being 'just a wallet', but a portal
to the world of all things
[#blockchain](/hashtag/blockchain?src=hashtag_click).
[https://metamask.io](https://t.co/3bvQXuF8gV)
Location:Czech Republic(https://twitter.com/places/6b5d375c346e3be9)

Stop waiting for the [#blockchain](/hashtag/blockchain?src=hashtag_click)
killer app, and start enjoying the killer ecosystem we have built around
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click).
[#Devcon4](/hashtag/Devcon4?src=hashtag_click) feels less like a conference,
and more like a celebration of how far we have come. Honored to get the chance
to speak about

[@ConsenSys](/Consensys)

, thanks

[@EFDevcon](/EFDevcon)

!
Location:Prague, Czech Republic(https://twitter.com/places/0126ba1e341b038c)

"Ethereum feels like the easiest one to make a bull case for right now."
[https://avc.com/2018/11/bleeding/](https://t.co/CGY3O79AH9)
Location:Brooklyn, NY(https://twitter.com/places/011add077f4d2da3)

Market cap doesn't reflect activity. Decentralized networks are growing. -10B+
daily API requests served by

[@infura_io](/infura_io)

-1M+ 

[@trufflesuite](/trufflesuite)

downloads -1M+

[@metamask_io](/metamask_io)

downloads -12K+ live

[@Ethereum](/ethereum)

nodes -48M+ unique [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) addresses
-3x

[@LinkedIn](/LinkedIn)

[#blockchain](/hashtag/blockchain?src=hashtag_click) job openings
Location:Brooklyn, NY(https://twitter.com/places/011add077f4d2da3)

Happy Birthday, Bitcoin! Ten years later and the decentralized dream has never
been stronger.
Location:Brooklyn, NY(https://twitter.com/places/011add077f4d2da3)

Presenting the [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) Developer
Portal.

[@ConsenSys](/Consensys)

threw together a massive collection of resources for getting started with
building on Ethereum.
Location:Brooklyn, NY(https://twitter.com/places/011add077f4d2da3)

ItsHappening.gif So excited about the launch of

[@Opera](/opera)

Touch Browser today with crypto wallet integration and
[#Web3](/hashtag/Web3?src=hashtag_click) support. It's a huge step towards
simplifying [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) dApp UX.

[@googlechrome](/googlechrome)

&

[@firefox](/firefox)

, might wanna take some notes...
Location:Brooklyn, NY(https://twitter.com/places/011add077f4d2da3)

Time to get friendly with [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click)
2.0.

[@tzapulica](/tzapulica)

from

[@AlethioEthstats](/AlethioEthstats)

compiled a simple glossary for some of the basic vocabulary and concepts
involved in Serenity.
If World of

[@Warcraft](/Warcraft)

moves onto [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click), Ill consider
playing again. -

[@VitalikButerin](/VitalikButerin)

Still wrapping my head around the absolutely epic Sunday that was

[@EtherealSummit](/EtherealSummit)

Tel Aviv. Here are 30 quotes from the event that sum it up nicely.
[https://media.consensys.net/30-quotes-that-defined-a-momentous-ethereal-
summit-a8f9519ac9b3](https://t.co/IvpeGCjD6w)
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) by the numbers. 75M+
Addresses. 2,597 Ethereum dApps. $2M+ Gross marketplace value for

[@gitcoin](/gitcoin)

. 6821 Total [$ETH](/search?q=%24ETH&src=cashtag_click) locked in

[@MolochDAO](/MolochDAO)

. $1.5M+ Total [$ETH](/search?q=%24ETH&src=cashtag_click) locked in

[@MakerDAO](/MakerDAO)

smart contracts. $20M

[@bancosantander](/bancosantander)

bond settled

[@ethereum](/ethereum)

. [https://media.consensys.net/ethereum-by-the-numbers-
september-2019-5537a198dad7](https://t.co/WwM4H1HYmQ)
Ive got a mission for you, [#Devcon5](/hashtag/Devcon5?src=hashtag_click): 1M
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) developers. Can we make it
happen by Devcon6? There are 30M+ devs worldwide. Lets give them their holy
shit [#blockchain](/hashtag/blockchain?src=hashtag_click) moment, and
jumpstart a more open & transparent Web 3.0.
Location:Osaka City Suminoe Ward, Osaka(https://twitter.com/places/6594b6f47e9b9211)

No one owns [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click), and therefore
everyone owns Ethereum. This is the new Internet of Value. Developers welcome.
Location:Osaka City Suminoe Ward, Osaka(https://twitter.com/places/6594b6f47e9b9211)

Without a native construct for money, the internet turned to advertising as
its core business model. With
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click), we have a chance at
rewriting the playbook. Web 2.0 was exploitative, Web 3.0 will be empowering.
Full text from my talk at [#Devcon5](/hashtag/Devcon5?src=hashtag_click):
[https://media.consensys.net/joe-lubins-full-speech-from-devcon-5-how-we-get-
to-a-decentralized-world-wide-web-1f83b35b2a0c](https://t.co/HVPiDZhLbK)
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) by the Numbers: 9M+ blocks
mined on

[@ethereum](/ethereum)

. 6 EIPs scheduled for Istanbul. 7M+

[@GodsUnchained](/GodsUnchained)

transactions. 4M+ [$DAI](/search?q=%24DAI&src=cashtag_click) locked in

[@MakerDAO](/MakerDAO)

. $500M+ locked in [#DeFi](/hashtag/DeFi?src=hashtag_click). 2.6M+

[@trufflesuite](/trufflesuite)

downloads. $2.7M+

[@gitcoin](/gitcoin)

platform value. BOOM.
Today

[@ConsenSys](/Consensys)

,

[@EYnews](/EYnews)

&

[@Microsoft](/Microsoft)

announced the Baseline Protocol, an open source initiative that combines
advances in cryptography & messaging to deliver secure, private & confidential
business processes at low cost via the public
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) Mainnet.
[https://forbes.com/sites/biserdimitrov/2020/03/04/microsoft-ey-and-consensys-
to-make-the-public-ethereum-blockchain-safe-for-
enterprises/#3c2d16c615c9](https://t.co/D5JQZmJEhN)
Ethereum 2.0 will bring improvements in scalability & security, greater
accessibility, and new opportunities for enterprises, devs, and general users
to do more on Ethereum. The [#ETH2](/hashtag/ETH2?src=hashtag_click) FAQ is a
helpful starting point:
Big news from

[@baselineproto](/baselineproto)

today: they've released a demo showing business process automation between SAP
& Microsoft Dynamics 365 using the public
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) Mainnet. [https://oasis-open-
projects.org/open-source-proof-of-concept-ethereum-
mainnet/](https://t.co/pWp3EQVwfd)
Thousands of TPS are online or coming online at Layer 2 of Ethereum.
Scalability has arrived. Congrats to our friends at

[@StarkWareLtd](/StarkWareLtd)

and @Deversifi.
Happy 5 years to the [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) Mainnet.
I got involved with the

[@Ethereum](/ethereum)

project early on because it was the clearest path I had seen toward re-
architecting and rebuilding our increasingly strained global systems. I still
feel that way today in 2020.
[#EthTurns5](/hashtag/EthTurns5?src=hashtag_click)
Ill be sharing some big news at 9:30am ET today on CNN

[@firstmove](/firstmove)

with

[@jchatterleycnn](/jchatterleyCNN)

. It's an exciting day for

[@ConsenSys](/Consensys)

and [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click).
The launch of the [#Eth2](/hashtag/Eth2?src=hashtag_click) Beacon Chain is
characteristic of the emergent, open-source ethos that attracts so many to
Ethereum in the first place. More than 27,000 validators from around the globe
are now participating in the new [#Eth2](/hashtag/Eth2?src=hashtag_click)
consensus model.
Since inception in January 2014, every new year in the Ethereum ecosystem has
promised enormous growth, breakthroughs, and an astonishing pace of
development  not to mention enormous creation of value: technical and other.
With stablecoins, [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) settled
more than $1.6 trillion in 2020 (Visa's total volume was $11 trillion in
2018). Here's why thats happening and how you can use

[@metamask_io](/metamask_io)

to swap [$ETH](/search?q=%24ETH&src=cashtag_click) for a USD-pegged stablecoin
like [$DAI](/search?q=%24DAI&src=cashtag_click) or
[$USDC](/search?q=%24USDC&src=cashtag_click).
In our continued efforts to supporting Ethereum scaling technology, we are
excited to release two new offerings for developers to build on

[@arbitrum](/arbitrum)

, the Layer 2 scaling solution that uses optimistic rollups.
The convergence between public mainnet
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) and enterprise Ethereum is
moving even faster. Just look at some of the members in the

[@EntEthAlliance](/EntEthAlliance)

, like

[@0xPolygon](/0xPolygon)

and

[@MakerDAO](/MakerDAO)

\-- the definition of enterprise is evolving.
If you are part of a crypto fund, trading desk, or other organization that
requires custody / MPC solutions to access DeFi,

[@MMInstitutional](/MMInstitutional)

now offers

[@BitGo](/BitGo)

[@CactusCustody](/CactusCustody)

and

[@QredoNetwork](/QredoNetwork)

integrations[](https://t.co/fKJggso8zQ)

Andrew, ConsenSys has thousands of tokens on our balance sheet. ConsenSys is
vigorously controlled by its employees, which includes me. And we are driving
towards decentralization of several of our projects. Wen
[$MASK](/search?q=%24MASK&src=cashtag_click)? Stay tuned. Wen objective
journalism, ser?
We are very excited to bring the

[@MyCrypto](/MyCrypto)

team to

[@MetaMask](/MetaMask)

! The two teams have been friends and Ethereum colleagues with shared values
since 2016. Together we will continue to build increasingly user-centric,
extensible, and decentralized products.
Very exciting news for Celo and the inner Metropolitan Ethereum ecosystem.
The design choices are very interesting.  I expect this to forge a path.  More
to come.  Stay tuned.
Redefining ownership is at the heart of web3, a central theme in every product
and service in this ecosystem. This shift is epitomized by NFTs, a key
innovation reshaping our perception of ownership and connection, and it's what

[@tryphosphor](/tryphosphor)

aims to make more accessible. This will grow increasingly important as NFTs
evolve from being containers for content to being globally unique software
containers for more complex projects like entire businesses. Throughout the
journey on Ethereum and Consensys, we've seen NFTs drive significant changes
across industries, extending beyond digital art to creating immersive virtual
environments encompassing art, fashion, music, and commerce. Phosphor is set
to transform how we engage with, and share, these assets, and use them to
illuminate the creator-audience connection. The shift from web2 to web3 marks
a move towards community-centric models, focusing on shared governance and
reorganizing businesses into decentralized autonomous organizations. With
Phosphor, we're not just envisioning the future; we're actively building it.
NFTs, combined with blockchain, crypto, and DeFi, are central to driving web3
adoption, representing a substantial cultural and technological evolution.
With Phosphor, we aim to streamline the way creators can create NFTs to engage
with their fans and communities and, as a result, engineer a massive
multifaceted crossing of the chasm into mainstream business and culture. In
this era, we all have a role as builders, shaping a more decentralized and
equitable world. Phosphor is more than a product; it's a tool guiding us on
this transformative journey. [http://phosphor.xyz](https://t.co/pMORXeffqN)
[#Blockchain](/hashtag/Blockchain?src=hashtag_click) is is a revolution for
good, not for money. Its about changing the world.
[https://youtu.be/VPttWS-6kfo](https://t.co/ewGB9Pqv7M)
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click)

[@ETHWaterloo](/ethwaterloo)
Location:Manhattan, NY(https://twitter.com/places/01a9a39529b27f36)
![](https://pbs.twimg.com/card_img/1763087289486389248/0WZfYUFt?format=jpg&name=240x240)

[#Bitcoin![](https://abs.twimg.com/hashflags/Bitcoin_evergreen/Bitcoin_evergreen.png)](/hashtag/Bitcoin?src=hashtag_click)
= A single app. [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) = An entire
app store. Thanks for having me on

[@BloombergTV](/BloombergTV)

, always a pleasure.[![](https://pbs.twimg.com/card_img/1763392491322052609/xSDJyqgx?format=jpg&name=240x240)](https://t.co/LXKX8cF8BR)

The whole is greater than the sum of it's parts. 600+ developers,
entrepreneurs, creatives, lawyers, technologists, and more combine to form

[@ConsenSys](/Consensys)

. We want to help build the [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click)
ecosystem. These are our current 47 projects.
[https://media.consensys.net/get-to-know-the-47-projects-that-make-up-the-
consensys-mesh-478b7d3028c1](https://t.co/pgFseY8svq)
Location:Brooklyn, NY(https://twitter.com/places/011add077f4d2da3)

I'm blown away by the amount of passionate
[#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click) developers at EdCon this
year. Thanks to everyone who came out this morning to hear a bit about

[@ConsenSys](/Consensys)

. Hope you all enjoy the rest of the stellar lineup this weekend.
Location:Toronto, Ontario(https://twitter.com/places/3797791ff9c0e4c6)

The calm before the storm. Cannot wait to have it jam-packed full of
developers, entrepreneurs, technologists, creatives, nerds, and anyone who
cares about building the [#Ethereum](/hashtag/Ethereum?src=hashtag_click)
community. Welcome to

[@EtherealSummit](/EtherealSummit)

NY 2018.
Location:Brooklyn, NY(https://twitter.com/places/011add077f4d2da3)

